Docs: Added links about conversion. (#8762)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-engine/docs/framework/guides/deep-dive/conversion-introduction.md

# Advanced conversion concepts &mdash; attributes

> This guide extends the {@link framework/guides/architecture/editing-engine introduction to CKEditor 5 editing engine architecture}. Therefore, we highly recommend reading the former guide first. Also, {@link framework/guides/tutorials/implementing-a-block-widget#defining-converters Implementing a block widget} and {@link framework/guides/tutorials/implementing-an-inline-widget#defining-converters Implementing an inline widget} tutorials explains basics of conversion with examples, so reading them is recommended as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide extends the {@link framework/guides/architecture/editing-engine Introduction to CKEditor 5 editing engine architecture} guide, which we highly recommend reading first. Also, {@link framework/guides/tutorials/implementing-a-block-widget#defining-converters Implementing a block widget} and {@link framework/guides/tutorials/implementing-an-inline-widget#defining-converters Implementing an inline widget} tutorials explains basics of conversion with examples, so reading them is recommended as well.
```
